README.md, before:

# How to build and run the developer portal.

The developer portal is built using Jekyll and runs on GitHub Pages.  More information can be found at: <a href="https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll/testing-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll">Testing your GitHub Pages site locally with Jekyll</a>

## Prerequisites:
  1. Have Ruby installed.  This is installed by default on MacOS. Instructions for all platforms are here: <a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/installation/">Installing Ruby</a>
  2. Have Bundler installed.  Instructions are available here: <a href="https://bundler.io">Installing Bundler</a>
  3. Have Jekyll installed.  Installation instructions are available here: <a href="https://jekyllrb.com">Installing Jekyll</a>. Please note that Windows isn't officially supported by Jekyll.
  
  
## Instructions:
  1. Navigate to the base of this repo
  2. Run `bundle install`.  This will install all the required gems to run the site.
  3. Run `bundle exec jekyll serve`. This will run the local version of the site, usually at http://127.0.0.1:4000/developer/.  The output from the terminal command will show where it is running locally on your system.

Commit message:

Custom Actions (#9)
Adds docs for the Custom Actions feature!

Also adds rbenv `.ruby-version` file and updates README to have people use that instead. Safe and more standard approach than asking them to manually install rubies globally.

BTW actually in general I want to avoid PR process for doc updates, at least for now at small team scale. For many trivial doc updates I want us to just go ahead and push commits right onto `master`. Low friction to doc updates is key to devs doing their part to maintain freshness in the docs and dealing with papercuts as they see them.

BUT for this particular change @Moux I'd like you to review it so we can discuss since I changed install procedure.

README.md, after:

# Developer Portal Setup

The developer portal is built using Jekyll and runs on GitHub Pages.  More information can be found at: <a href="https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll/testing-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll">Testing your GitHub Pages site locally with Jekyll</a>

## Prerequisites:
1. Ensure you have [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv) (a tool for managing separate copies of Ruby for different projects) installed and setup (on macOS, you can install with Homebrew: `brew install rbenv`). Be sure to set up your PATH and environment afterwards as per instructions given by `rbenv init`.
2. In the directory of your clone of this repo: `rbenv install`. That will ensure you have the correct version of Ruby available for this repo.
3. Ensure Bundler is installed for this particular version of ruby: `gem install jekyll bundler`.
  
## Instructions:
  1. Navigate to the base of this repo
  2. Run `bundle install`.  This will install all the required gems to run the site.
  3. Run `bundle exec jekyll serve`. This will run the local version of the site, usually at http://127.0.0.1:4000/developer/.  The output from the terminal command will show where it is running locally on your system.
